Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord. Well, there's a lot going on.
Needless to say, you know, the marches so far are not too incredibly bad for what I see.
Yeah, there's a lot of people, but nothing that the police can't handle and it's not crazy.
Okay, so this is what I've seen today. I drove around praying over our city.
We had our own little protest and stuff, but it's nothing that much here in Tulsa.
I mean, we had some people trying to be stupid, but it wasn't like nothing like I saw in New York, 50,000 people.
So, the Lord showed me a lot today driving around praying. And I mean, this went on for over an hour.
Diana and Braden recorded the things that the Lord had to say.
And I'm telling you all, this is just the beginning. I want you to listen to me very carefully.
This is just the beginning of what's about to happen. I saw George behind the scenes and George was getting commands from Satan himself.
Again, I saw the devil communicating to and they were saying we have to create mass confusion in the United States of America.
And I saw paid people disrupting society. Okay, so I don't want to rush this.
So, if you know, I really need to go over what the Lord showed me.
I saw disruption in major key cities. Denver was one of them.
I saw a man in military gear with an AR-15 opening fire on crowds in the days ahead.
I don't know when this happens, but I saw this man. He had camo on.
He had a military style helmet on and he had a ballistic shields and stuff like that on so that he was not able to be taken out really easy.
And I saw him with this AR-15 start mowing down people in crowds in Denver area.
It was in Colorado. I know that for a fact. This was Colorado.
Then the Lord showed me Miami area. I saw a man on tall buildings and he was using a sniper rifle.
He was Hispanic origin I believe maybe Cuban some. You could see his skin was kind of olive, darker skin.
Okay. And he was on top in a hidden like area and he was snipering law enforcement from the window.
And the first officer I saw get shot through his neck area and the others that came to assist him, they got taken out also.
So the Lord showed me and then I saw helicopters flying in the sky trying to find this man.
So there was several for instances, the Lord showed me attacks upon American soil and this was what it was about trying to escalate the dearing of in the days ahead darming the second amendment in blue states trying to cause a wave of anti-gun legislation.
The Lord said in the days ahead, you will see more of a push for a disarming a disarming of American people.
For this is another phase in the future that you will see even greater before the beast system totally take before the antichrist totally takes charge, a disarmament of American population.
I saw Texas standing strong against this movement, very strong.
And it's like I saw a black outline around the state of Texas like borders subsiding from the union.
I don't know if this is literal or thinking like we're not going to participate.
You're not going to take our stuff. And it's like they were their own entity in the end times.
And the Lord said, "This will be a safe haven."I saw Oklahoma divided.
And there was a line from Altus, Oklahoma all the way to Miami, Oklahoma.
And there was a line. It was a black line. And the Lord showed me a divided state concerning this. Half was red, half was blue.
And the Lord said, "Your elections in 2026 concerning your governor race is very important that you pray over this already.
For I saw Governor Stitt being brought down and a new Democratic person trying to come in."And the Lord said 2026 is the year of a fix.
I don't know what that means. A fix like the a fixed election. I don't know. Like they're trying to rig it. I don't know it.
The Lord told me, he said, "Pay attention to the elections in 2026."This is very important that the people start praying now about 2026.
Great distractions. Great distractions are coming. I saw California completely on fire with rioting and acting crazy.
I'm talking about an escalation in Seattle, Oregon, and the Lord said, "Remember what I told you?
Remember what I told you about Timothy McVeigh?"He gives me key words whenever he talks to me and he says, he said, "Brandon, it will be in unlikely places."Pearl Harbor events.
Pearl Harbor events. He said Pearl Harbor was you were caught off guard.
It will be when you're not watching. It will be when like 911. Nobody's paying attention.
The events that they're planning will be when you're not watching.
If you remember what I prophesied about North Korea and them being a social pariah, Kim Jong-un, and that China was behind this, and I saw Kim Jong- and I've warned you several times in the last several videos, them being promised a position in the bricks.
we'll get you out underneath the western sanctions in the boot, right?
We're going to create our own thing, right? So, I saw Russia again.
Remember, if you remember the EMP attack that I saw upon the the white and the black rocket was USSR and I saw Asian men on the barge.
So, this is very important that you remember this. They shot this thing above the United States of America.
We need the dome today. We need the Golden Dome today. Like ASAP, as quick as possible.
The Lord showed me stationed electric lasers in all kinds of corners of the United States for protection.
They were lasers. Gle green lasers. Now, is that the dome? I don't know.
But these were green lasers and they would be in places that were strategic to knock stuff down out of the sky.
That's what hit the asteroid. And I would venture to say this is already there.
I bet we just don't know about it. It's like the underground cities that I've seen.
Secret locations preparing for Wormwood. So, I saw like I said, I saw the USSR in this rocket.
They shot it out and and remember I and every single thing you know I I see I bring to you not in fear but for you to pray about it.
It's very important that you pray about these things and not get in fear about it. But, okay. So, I saw an uprising.
I saw turmoil and I saw just paying for this stuff to keep continuing in the days ahead. I'm talking major disruptions. But it's not just him.
I'm talking major trying to bring confusion and craziness in the United States of America.
The ants within, remember Trojan horse attacks, major shaking. I saw major shaking.
And he told me again today when I was driving around, he said, "In a 24-hour period, in a 24-hour period, everything's going to change. everything will change.
He said, "I want you to notice as you drive around the the sense of security that the people feel right now that you take for granted as a nation on a day-to-day basis because you have law and order."And I saw an openeyed vision and he said, "Do you see this what I'm showing you?"And the people were walking in having to think strategic of how they live their life in the days ahead because of the infrastructure shaking of what's going what's going on.
Okay. People thinking is it safe to go to Walmart today? Is it safe to go there?
And checking deep down inside because they were scared even to go like go get a coffee.
I could feel an uneasiness in the atmosphere in the days ahead for what the enemy has planned to try to take away the security and confidence of feeling secure, feeling uneasy all the time.
Can we go to there? Making you live your life in fear and questioning, can we go to the baseball game?
Can we do this? Things that you take for granted that we just do it because we we trust our law enforcements.
But as an uprising and a cancer within the country, trying to take away that freedom of peace, a freedom of security and safety, making you uneasy, trying to develop a way of lifestyle of making you feel bondage is what the enemy is going to try to do.
And this was very serious. And the Lord told me, he said, "There's days ahead, Brandon, that everything in a 24-hour period, I'm telling you, will change.
And America will change in 24 hours. A great shaking is coming."And he warned me again, the way people live, the way we maneuver, it's bringing forth the beast system.
And the Lord told me, he said, "You're going to see a lot of change in the blue states and the red states and a lot of change within government politics even in 2026."He said, "You must pray over Oklahoma.
There's a plan in these key states to try to overrun this and overthrow red states, trying to bring them into the demonic thinking of liberals."And so, not saying that all the red states are perfect, but I'm telling you, folks, that there's more good in the red than there is bad.
So, that was another thing I saw. I saw a continual escalation in Israel.
If you remember back around November, I saw the Jewish people celebrating in the streets saying, "Our deliverer has come.
Our deliverer has come."And they were dancing in the streets celebrating a victory that's about to happen—a major blow.
The Lord said, "I'm going to show up and protect my people in a supernatural way."I saw rabbis weeping before the Lord.
And they were rocking and weeping. I saw children and they were celebrating, popping fireworks about what's about to take place—something major.
God is going to show up in a great way and protect his people. You say, "Well, they're the aggressors."They are exposing and getting rid of something that you all are too ignorant to see.
It's not for your eyes to know or your ears to hear. Something happened.
They knew something. And I'm not defending the war. I'm trying to explain to you what I'm getting in the spirit.
This is not Brandon talking. This is what I saw. And that's when the Lord said, "Don't be hasty. Watch.
Pay attention."And it's interesting the way he was wanting us to intercede on behalf of the Jewish people.
Hamas is the one that came in in October and took all those people and murdered and did all that they did, raping women and children.
Folks, it was them that provoked the attack. In the beginning, Israel was not the aggressor.
Hamas was, if you remember. But it's really interesting how the media paints a picture of what you see.
And that's all you hear. Well, they're the bad ones because they've eliminated...
Yes, the children and the women and the people that were there are victims.
And it's part of the casualties of war. Just like what's going to happen in America one day.
And most of you have no idea. A great shaking and invasion is coming.
And I'll probably be the only prophetic voice of intercessory prayer that will warn you about what's truly coming to America.
You must wake up. You must wake up. A lot of you are asleep in your head.
You're hearing a lot of itching ear prophetic words. And that's why I talked to a friend.
I said, "In most of these prophetic conferences, did anybody give a salvation altar call?"Come to think of it, I don't know.
I don't think so. Maybe one. It's the cry of the heart of the Father right now to bring in the lost as quickly as possible.
But there's no urgency in the prophetic words. A lot of times, there's no urgency in what's going on in the church right now.
Everybody's just living status quo because it's not popular to talk about the end times.
That's why I've been told by some amazing friends, "Brandon, I have to defend you because people run you down to me."And I'm talking about somebody that I respect a lot and it bothered me that he has to defend me.
I'm like, "You don't have to defend me."But he said, "I do it because I love you."You know what?
That's sad. But he said, "There's a lot of people that talk trash about you behind your back. You don't even know it."And I said, "Well, you know what?
To each his own, the Lord already told me people aren't going to like me."That's fine, but I'm trying to warn you.
And you will see in the days ahead, my words of what I warn you about will prove to be accurate.
And the more these sugarcoated lip men that are telling you what's going on, everything's good, everything's perfect, don't worry about it.
Remember Jeremiah, ladies and gentlemen, when he warned what was coming.
The Lord told me to tell you again today that he's giving you a window.
He's giving you a window before a great shaking to awaken is coming upon America.
Well, "This prophet didn't say that."I don't care what they say.
I'm not responsible for what they say. I'm accountable unto God for what I say.
And if you have ears to hear, let them hear. If you don't, then move on.
But my job is to yell from the rooftops and the mountaintops and the valleys and whatever to warn you that Jesus Christ is coming and he's coming soon.
Look at the fig tree right now, ladies and gentlemen. I told you in the days ahead you would see Turkey beating their war drums.
Turkey will be involved soon. I saw Damascus becoming a ruinous heap. I've seen great strikes coming against Syria.
And as Turkey comes to the defense, Saudi Arabia and Syria will be crippled to the point of a ruinous heap.
I've told you I see biological weapons. I saw a briefcase-looking nuclear device in Syria. Very serious things.
If you go back and watch what I've told you is coming, I've told you this for months now and we see it playing out in front of your face. I've warned you.
I told you they would attack their infrastructure to the point where they'll cripple them, and that Iran is an unwanted red-headed stepchild and they won't really...
they'll kind of scream, you know, be upset, and there'll be a lot of anti-Semitism about it. But when they touch Syria, watch, they will be ballistic.
The Arab nations will rise up with great anger the day you see Israel strike Syria the way they're doing Iran, crippling them, making them this ruin.
Biological weapons are going to come into play soon. Things you've never seen before in our eyes in this generation, bad things.
You say, "Well, Brandon, you sure say a lot."It's what I get when I pray.
And maybe we can avert some of this stuff. You say, "Well, that's a copout."Folks, I'm called to pray.
I'm called to pray and I'm called to call you to pray. And the Lord said, "Raise up prayers.
Keep status quo. Keep doing what you're doing."That's what he told me today. "Raise up the prayer army, Brandon. Bring them forth.
I'll give you words to tell my people that I'm coming and they will prove to be accurate. Give it time."Just like the Asian man.
I said, "An Asian man will rise up in the days ahead and he will be a Chinese-like man."I saw the Asian man and he would be like a pope in the Asian culture, trying to bring a stirring in the Asian community, trying to get them excited to join the Catholic Church.
And when this happens, I said it will happen in June, July, August, September, October, and things will start to change.
And I saw a root coming down into the middle of the courtyard of the Vatican and it split with lightning.
And I saw a demonic spirit try to come on this man to influence him for bad.
I don't know how this happens, but I'm just telling you what I see. I don't know the year.
I have to say that because if it doesn't happen this year, I'm telling you it's coming.
I'm confident in what I say. I see, I warn you of these things.
I told you about drones flying into stadiums when people are not paying attention.
The New York Yankees'stadium is one; I saw New York. This is a major stadium.
The Lord showed me the Los Angeles Dodgers. Major stadiums.
The Lord said, "Pay attention to these stadiums."Pay attention to college football games where there's hundred thousand people or 80,000 people at a time in a college football game, and they're all paying attention to the game and they're not paying attention to the drones.
Oh, is that entertainment? Run. If you see a drone flying into the stadium, run.
It's very serious. We live in very uncertain times. It's a time of great shaking.
But I'm telling you, the body of Christ must rise with a backbone like a crowbar and take dominion and authority.
If you do not, you have a great opportunity in the days ahead to go home early.
Well, I don't believe all that. Watch and see. I'm not here to convince you anymore, twitching your arm.
"Please believe me."I could care less if you don't want to believe. I'm doing my job. Don't believe it then.
But as you see Israel get pummeled by missiles and as you see Iran get pummeled by missiles, know that there's a strategic dark plan in the shadows as we speak with Russia, North Korea, and other nations rising up to come against Israel to defend Iran because there are agreements been made behind closed doors.
You think it's over? Russia's quiet. What are they doing? North Korea's quiet.
What are they doing? What are they planning? What are they plotting? Is America involved?
You know, Trump said, "Well, I knew they were going to do all this before."Yes, I told you they'd be like a Jonathan and a David in the days ahead.
Trump doesn't want to come out and just say, "Hey, we're a part of this,"because of being diplomatic, trying to bring peace. He didn't want a rising up with drama. It's already drama.
I told you all, watch the black and yellow hypnotic wheel coming from the CIA, which will be propaganda on the media and everything else.
Watch this, for a boogeyman is coming. I warned you. A boogeyman is coming for you.
Do not go to war without a boogeyman. 9/11 boogeyman. A boogeyman is coming.
I've warned you. A boogeyman is coming. I want you to remember this.
There'll be attacks against churches. There'll be attacks against churches in the days ahead.
I saw major disruption in churches. I saw a major minister be taken out in his service.
And the Lord said to me, it will be called "the shot heard around the world"because they're trying to bring fear about the revival that I'm about to bring forth.
If they can get you to fear and not want to go into my buildings, the devil's trying to combat what I'm about to do with the glorious church rising, Brandon, but he wants to use strategic people in the body to bring fear.
And he said, "This will be the shot heard around the world. Pray for that minister."And I saw who it was, a mega-minister. God help him.
And I pray, and I'm not bringing up the fear, but I'm telling you I heard a shot around the world trying to bring fear to go and have church services.
I saw the strategic plan of the devil with the Soroses and these people trying to bring instability in America so that people wouldn't want to worship and want to come to church, with a new virus, with these things.
Watch. God is wanting to assemble his bride together and have major services.
And Satan's like, "How do we stop that?"Okay, so if we bring fear by killing the main ministers and shooting them in their pulpits, then people will be scared to go to church.
And then if we bring another virus, they won't want to come again, like COVID, that worked.
But God is saying, "I'm raising up Davids. I'm raising up people with the backbone.
And you'll have brush arbor churches."I saw them in the country, not in major cities.
I'm seeing people coming out in the country to worship, to get away from major cities.
I don't know why, but that's what I saw. And they were coming by the tens of thousands.
I see a lot of things, folks. But the enemy has a plan to try to disrupt the revival ahead already. He's trying to be one step ahead of us.
We're still worried, going, "Well, what's going on on American Idol?"I don't know why I keep picking at that, but I'm just saying.
I don't know. Is it time? I'm so bored. Service lasted for 30 minutes.
I'm so tired. Is he still going to keep talking? I punched my time card in.
I went to church tonight, Lord. Let's go home and have an ice cream.
I don't know. You know what I'm saying? Are we going to get lost?
You know, it's really not convenient to go to prayer tonight.
I don't know. Do you understand what I'm saying? It's not going to be convenient.
It's not going to be easy. Revival is going to require something.
We have to get busy and urgent about our Father's business because I'm telling you what's coming, and most of you are not prepared for it.
After I saw the shot around the world, I saw an exposing in a mega-church in California, and most people are going to be like, "I knew it!"And then some people are going, "Oh my God!"But I saw that it was a scandal.
A major scandal is going to come out, watch, in California. A major church scandal is about to break loose, an exposing of something that's been going on for a while, and it's going to grieve a lot of people. I saw this. I'm not touching any more of that.
But I'm going to tell you, God said, "Judgment begins in my house first."And you're going to see a lot of ministers that have been doing bad things behind pulpits again, that seedtime and harvest is accelerating and they're going to be removed, Brandon.
And I said, "Oh, ministers that will go home."I saw ministers going home.
A lot of the elders are going home. And I saw an uprising of new Davids.
One of them, I said, "Lord, whenever"—because I see the faces of who he says is going home—I said, "Lord,"I said, "that's sad."He goes, "Brandon, they don't live forever.
No one's promised forever, Brandon. They're getting old. Of course, it's time for them to come home.
This isn't judgment."He said, "They're getting older. They're going.
It's time to come home."And he laughed at the way my thoughts were.
I said, "Lord, why?"And he goes, "Nobody lives forever, son."I said, "Okay.""But as these elders go home, Brandon, as the elders go home, it requires more of you.
It requires more of the generation to rise up and take the baton and not be cowards."It's the cycle of life.
It's the cycle of life. So, God's a God of love, ladies and gentlemen, but he's a God—he's a lion and a lamb.
And I'm going to tell you this, the lion is coming out, and it's time to clean house. I saw oil deals coming, major oil deals.
And people say, "Was this investment advice?"In the name of Jesus, I was so angry about that. I said, "How dare you! I am not giving financial advice.
I'm warning you about a storm, about people losing their lives, and all you can think about is lining your pockets."It's the wealth of the wicked.
How dare you talk to us that way, Brandon! Care about what he cares about, and he will show you the secret things of how to become wealthy.
Care about what he cares about. It's the harvest of the souls.
It's the harvest of the people that he loves. And he wants none to perish, but all to come to repentance.
When you care about what he cares about, he'll show you the secret things.
When he says he can trust you with it, it's time to get right with Jesus.
It's time to repent of our sins and turn from our wicked ways.
If they're not giving altar calls, if they're not leading people into salvation, they're not hearing God because God told me, he said, "This is my heart of the hour—to reach the lost.
They are going to hell."Brandon, this is my heart. If you want to know God's heart right now, it's reaching the lost for him.
Nothing else matters. Everything else, we're fixing to leave, folks.
It's all fixing to burn. Do you understand? It's harvesting equipment.
But most people have their head in the sand. "Great days ahead. Everything's great."But not according to Matthew 24.
Not according to the books of the Bible that I read talking about birthing pains. As labor pains upon a woman, so will it be.
I don't know about you folks, but anybody that tells you labor pains don't get worse as the baby comes and there's a pause in between hasn't had a baby yet and they're completely stupid.
Most women would sit there and go, "I don't know about you, sucker, but I dilated every single couple minutes and it got worse and worse and worse as the baby came and then the rejoicing came as the bridegroom came for the bride."Do you understand?
It's the birthing of the baby of the church that we're looking at, of what God's raising up—people with the backbone like a crowbar.
He's not looking for people who are weak and limp-wristed that'll go at it like a David in these end times to say, "I can go and take the land for him and let's get people saved, delivered, and healed."Well, let's take communion.
You know, I've said enough. I can keep going, but of things I've seen, I think you'll choke on it.
I know I say what you told me to say, Father. I do it with all I've got.
I don't want to be on the outer circle. I want to be in the inner circle.
I want to go to the Holy of Holies. Father, I'll be your voice of peace.
I will say what you say to say, even if it's not popular amongst the people.
I will say the hard things, Lord, even if I say it alone. I've told you this a thousand times.
I will not deny you anything. Oh God, even unto death, I will not deny you anything.
I will say what you want me to say. I will do what you want me to do. I've died to myself and I keep on dying daily.
But Lord, I cry out from my heart with all I have to warn them about what you say.
And I refuse to be like the others—materialism and the money and all the stuff, Father, to what it is about.
I say what you want me to say. It's heavy, Father. It's heavy.
Father, I lift up the body before you and I thank you, Lord, that you said you were wounded for my transgressions.
You were bruised for my iniquities. The chastisement of my peace was upon you and with your stripes I am healed.
And I thank you, Father, that you took care of me today and you take care of my children and my wife and we're healed and whole in our bodies.
No matter what the enemy tries to throw at us, Father, we're healed and whole and well.
And when all you need to do is stand, stand. Therefore, we keep standing.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that Megan is healed. Megan is whole.
Megan is well. Thank you, Lord, that we have the mind of Christ.
We're healed and whole and well all from the top of our head to the soles of her feet. Megan is healed. She is whole.
Thank you, Lord, that every single one of these people that are represented here today, that they are healed and whole and well.
They're delivered from every satanic bondage. For you said you came to set the captives free.
We take this body in the name of Jesus. Lord, we plead the blood and we apply the blood.
We apply the blood over us, Father. We thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We apply the blood. We make much of the blood. The blood will make much of us.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus today, covered from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise in Jesus'name.
Amen. And amen. Do you believe he covered you today? All you have to do is run to him.
Stop running from God. Run to God. Stop running. Yield. Jesus, I need you.
I take this blood right now in Jesus'name. Hallelujah. So, let's pray and see if the Holy Spirit shows us anymore.
He showed me a lot today. I've taken my whole day to pray and I pray with you all now.
But I'm going to tell you Pearl Harbor experiences. And he said, "Brandon, Pearl Harbor was caught off guard.
You didn't know it was coming."And he said, "Watch Omaha. Watch Omaha.
Watch small locations like Timothy McVeigh. Watch Kentucky."He said, "Watch Kentucky.
Watch Oklahoma City. Watch areas that are small. He said, "Watch Denver."He told me about Denver.
That Denver, that was a big one. And then Miami, that was big.
But he kept telling me that it will be areas that are like grassroots, like little towns, not little, little, but big cities, you know, like a city, you know?
It's not huge, but it's a city. I'm not quoting Amarillo, but I'm just saying it's like that—that's the only way I'm familiar with it.
Like maybe like a Ponca City or like Oklahoma. Tulsa's pretty big.
So I'm trying to say the Lord specifically mentioned certain cities and he said, "Brandon, watch these areas.
They're small grassroots cities. They're not big like industrial, major things."Father, I thank you, Lord.
I humble myself before you, Father, and I plead the blood of Jesus.
I plead the blood over our nation. I plead the blood over what you've showed me coming.
And, Father, I thank you. There's some of it we can change. I know a lot of it, Father, is shaking to awaken.
But, Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
That not one of us should be afraid about any of it if we're upright with you and we're listening to you, staying in sync with you, staying in step with you, staying at the heartbeat of the Father, listening to him.
Thank you, Father, for the blood. We plead the blood of Jesus over this great nation.
Pray for—I'm seeing Israel right now. They're going to use a missile that's huge.
They're going to use a missile that is huge. I'm talking Iran is going to use it against Israel.
This is a mega-bomb. This is a mega huge missile and I believe they got it from Russia.
Like this is a mega-bomb. I see a mega—they're going to use—not these little rockets shooting back.
I'm talking they're fixing to use some big stuff. Do they have ballistic missiles?
It's like a ballistic missile, like a big missile. Do they have supersonic missiles for what's about to be inflicted from Israel?
Watch. It's in retaliation. I see it. It will take—this is what's going to take this up to another level: a crippling of the infrastructure of Iran.
I'm telling you, a crippling of the infrastructure of Iran, setting them back in retaliation.
This missile in the name of Jesus will not touch the ground. This missile will not touch the ground.
Okay. Hallelujah. No, no, no, no, no. I see a blue light. I see a blue light. Oh, I see. I know what that is.
The Lord said, "This is that technological thing that you—I see it."I said, "What is that?
What is that?"He said, "That's what you—that you don't know what they don't know."I get it.
I just saw a blue light. It's a blue light and it's in a cone. It's a flame and it's a blue light, but it's a bomb.
It's a bomb. It's a new kind of bomb. This is a new kind of bomb, and it's harnessed like nuclear.
It's encased of very heavy metal. Praying over Jordan. I see Jordan praying over Jordan.
Pray over Jordan. Now I see Iraq praying over the bases in Iraq.
Praying over the bases in Iraq. Oh, okay. I see strategic people fleeing from Iran going to Iraq.
Do you hear what I'm saying? I'm talking to somebody that needs to know this.
They're strategic people leaving Iran and trying to hide in Iraq.
I see them fleeing. They're going there to hide. They're in army clothes.
They're trying to hide in Iraq, and then they're going to Moscow area.
You hear me? I see them there. They're going to Moscow. I see them leaving and they're going up north.
They're trying to flee. I see strategic leaders trying to flee Iran right now.
But one has connections to people in Iraq. The other people are leaving, and they want to leave Iran.
They're abandoning their ship, afraid for their lives because of the people dying.
Do you hear me? They're fleeing for their lives, going to these places of refuge.
I see them leaving. He said, "Watch Cuba. It's quiet. Hear me?"They're in your backyard.
Watch Mexico. I see the woman there. The drug lords are paying this woman off, and there's darkness there of drugs. They're trying to smuggle in tunnels again.
Serious supplies are coming through as mules, and I call for every one of these tunnels to be exposed and found by border patrol and border security.
These are long tunnels in the desert where the rocks are, where there's sand. I pray that the church would arise.
We pray a hedge of protection around the pastors, that these attacks that I've seen coming upon these ministers—Father, I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
He said, "Prayer changes things."Thank you, Lord. The Lord said to say thank you that nothing happened in the military parade.
We rejoice that nothing happened in the military parade, that there were no attacks, and nobody was hurt during this time.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. So, we passed the 14th now.
He said, we call for peaceful protests without people acting foolish.
That's what he said. You pray into these things. That's what I've called you to do.
Prayer changes things. Thank you, Father, that there's peace in these protests.
We don't want protests at all, but Father, people have a right to do what they want to do, just not acting violently.
It's the First Amendment; you have a freedom of speech. Father, we come against the spirits of what George Soros tries to do, all the damage that this man tries to cause.
I thank you, Father, between him and Bill Gates, that they are exposed and removed quickly in Jesus'name.
We call for an exposing and a removing quickly in the name of Jesus over George Soros and Bill Gates, these evil men.
Father, deal with them. We give you praise, honor, and glory. Thank you, Jesus.
Father, we praise you for all that you're going to do in this beautiful nation.
We pray over the megachurches and the churches, Father, that they would be places, houses of worship, for another great revival.
And we pray that the sniper on the building is exposed and brought to justice, Father, that we'll even see fruit of it in the news.
It won't just be quiet, and it's not just something that I'm saying, but there'll be fruit of it even on the news about a sniper that was busted—a man in Colorado who was taken down in the Denver area.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that people would see the fruit of what we're praying, and it's not just praying into nothing.
There is fruit behind it that encourages them to keep coming, showing that we're changing things.
Father, I thank you that there's evidence and fruit of what we are praying, and people can see it, that we're not just naming things off.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for credibility in Jesus'name, that no one will lose their life, but Jesus exposes darkness through prayer.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that Iran will not use that mega bomb on Tel Aviv.
Thank you, Father, in Jesus'name. Hallelujah. For the Lord is good, and His mercy endures forever. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus.
We praise you, Jesus, that we're always in the right place at the right time, doing what you've asked us to do—not in fear.
No fear here. Thank you, Lord, that your Son's return is just at the door, in the name of Jesus. Thank you, Lord. And we're going from glory to glory.
He's changing us into His likeness and image, perfecting in me the love of God shown to the world.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies, changing me into His likeness and image, perfecting in me the love of God shown to the world.
From glory to glory, He's changing me. I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free. Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I see the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod. I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
I believe in miracles. I've seen a soul set free. Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod. I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
I love that song. I know they say there's glory all around, and all who see must stand in awe as miracles abound.
I believe in miracles. I've seen a soul set free. Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod. I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
Hallelujah. There's glory all around. Hallelujah. And all who see must stand in awe.
I love the Lord. Thank you, Father, for your anointing of miracles.
I believe in miracles. You feel it? He loves that song. I see a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary. I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God. Hallelujah. O Father, we praise you.
I believe in miracles. I've seen a soul set free. Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod. I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
Hallelujah. Holy, holy, holy. You are so holy, God in three persons, blessed Trinity.
Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty. Early in the morning, my song shall rise to thee.
Hallelujah. We worship you, Father. Thank you for protecting this great nation.
Thank you, Father, for today, that we had so much power and authority to stop any kind of craziness.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God. Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty.
Early in the morning, my song shall rise to thee. Holy, holy, holy, merciful and mighty.
Father, we worship you today. Thank you for a relaxing time the rest of this weekend for the fathers.
We celebrate the fathers, and we thank you, Father, for all the father figures that are watching this video right now, as this is Father's Day.
Thank you, Lord, for every man that's represented here, as we pray for the men, the leaders of the families, that they rise up and be the leaders that they're called to be.
Nothing missing, nothing broken. Shalom mentally, emotionally, physically.
Men with great integrity, men with great honor, men with great boldness.
Thank you, Father, that you're raising up men of great character in these last days. Thank you, Father.
They are men that will lead their families and not be cowards, but stand strong in the face of adversity, taking the hem of his garment and humbling himself before the Lord and saying, "Father, I need you."We inquire of the Lord just like David.
David did nothing before he inquired of the Lord. Even though the Bible said David was bloodthirsty, David always inquired of the Lord, "Can we take this land?"And sometimes the Lord would say no.
So as a believer, we inquire of the Lord: "What is it that you have for us?"We humble ourselves underneath the mighty hand of the Lord, and in due time, he said he would exalt us.
We humble ourselves before you, Father, and we inquire of you.
Show us what we need to do, Lord, and always keep us in the right place at the right time.
Thank you, Father. Amen and amen. Well, I just want to say happy Father's Day to all of you, to you men. What a great time for dads to rise up, for leaders to lead.
We need to lead our families more now than ever before because there's so much influence trying to influence us to do the world's way.
And the men are the backbone of the family, I'm telling you. And it's time that men become even stronger in these last days.
When the dark gets dark, we get lighter, we push back, and I believe it takes men to do that, too.
We celebrate the mothers, but we celebrate our fathers. Thank you, fathers. Thank you, spiritual fathers.
Thank you to our physical fathers for being who you are and being leaders and not being cowards in these last days, standing for what's right.
We just want to say happy Father's Day from all of us to you. You know, it's very important.
We love on you, we praise the Lord for you. So, go have fun with your kids, do something fun.
Subscribe if you haven't subscribed. Do all the things you can to help us, folks.
We never ask you for anything other than to help us with the subscribe button, to help us with the likes, the comments down below (something nice), and clicking the notification.
It helps us with the algorithm. And other than that, we bless you.
We ask the Lord to keep you. May his face shine upon you and give you peace today.
Have a wonderful day today, and put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again soon.